I'm Derek Walker. I'm the pastor of the Oxford Bible Church today.
And I'm excited today to introduce you to my book,
Mount Moriah, Golgotha and the garden tomb.
The central events of history are the death,
Burial and resurrection of Jesus Christ.
This book.
is filled with diagrams and photographs from Jerusalem and it reveals exactly where these momentous events took place.
The Bible will come to life as you see in detail how the drama of redemption was acted out on Mount Moriah in perfect fulfillment of prophecy.
Prophecy.
The book starts.
with the amazing events of Genesis 22 when Abraham offers up
His son, Isaac.
On Mount Moriah.
God chose that.
As a the special place because
Two thousand years later,
He would offer up.
His own beloved son.
Jesus Christ.
on the very same location. And in Genesis 22 we make an in-depth study of how
It was prophesied
That
in that same place God would give his son as the final sacrifice and that enables us
to work out where Jesus was crucified. We've put it together with the evidence in the New Testament.
As to where he was crucified, where he was buried, and where he rose from the dead.
And we are able to prove that the garden tomb is indeed the place of Christ's burial and resurrection.
We also will harmonize the different gospel accounts to show the events of that day and help them come to life for you.
And I believe you will find this an exciting read. And along with this book, we also have made some two DVD documentaries, Mount Moriah and Golgotha.
in Golgotha and Golgotha in the garden tomb that will further inspire you.
In this study and what could be more important than to see
The events.
Of
Good christ
Death and resurrection.
I believe this will
strengthen you greatly in your faith. So I recommend you get this book.
Mount Moriah, go gothir.
And the garden, too.